Total Questions: 1,000 (10 tests × 100 questions per test).
Difficulty Levels:
Test 1: Normal
Test 2: Very Easy
Test 3: Easy
Test 4: Moderate
Test 5: Intermediate
Test 6: Formidable
Test 7: Challenging
Test 8: Very Challenging
Test 9: Ruthless
Test 10: Ultra Level
Each test must include a variety of question types so that test-takers engage with the material from multiple perspectives. The difficulty increases from Test 1 (Normal) through Test 10 (Ultra Level).

2. Emphasis on a Mix of Question Types
2.1 Question Types to Incorporate
“MOST/BEST” Type

Example prompts:
“Which of the following is the MOST appropriate action?”
“What is the BEST strategy for dealing with scenario X?”
Rationale: Encourages test-takers to compare plausible actions and select the optimal one.
“FIRST Step” Type

Example prompts:
“What is the FIRST thing you should do when encountering problem Y?”
“Which action should be taken initially before proceeding with the rest?”
Rationale: Tests prioritization and logical sequencing of steps.
Scenario-Based Questions

Provide a brief but realistic scenario relevant to the curriculum.
E.g., “You are working in a network operations center and notice repeated login failures from a single IP. Which approach should you take next?”
Rationale: Measures ability to apply knowledge in real-world contexts.

Directd (Factual) Questions

Example prompts:
“Which command displays all running processes in Linux?”
“Which Windows OS first introduced feature Z?”
“Whats is a toner probe”
Rationale: Tests fundamental recall and familiarity with commands, syntax, and definitions.
Additional Question-Style Variations (to keep your test bank fresh):

Interpretation or Output: Show a snippet of code or configuration and ask what the output would be or what happens next.
Matching or Pairing: Although you’ll eventually format answers in multiple-choice form, you can still conceptualize these as “Which of the following pairs is correct?” questions.
Process-of-Elimination: Force critical thinking by making each distractor (wrong choice) very close in plausibility to the correct answer.
2.2 Best Practices to Ensure Variety
Rotate the question types randomly. Avoid clustering all “MOST” questions at the beginning or all scenario-based at the end.
Use synonyms for “MOST,” “BEST,” “FIRST,” etc., so questions don’t feel repetitive.
E.g., “highest priority,” “primary consideration,” “optimal solution,” “initial measure.”
Insert mini-scenarios for about 30–40% of the questions, mixing short and longer setups.
3. Characteristics of Good Test Questions
A “good” question goes beyond superficial recall and:

Pushes Critical Thinking:

Instead of “What is X?” consider “Which approach to X is most aligned with principle Y?”
Encourages the learner to apply or analyze rather than just memorize.
Has Plausible Distractors:

Each incorrect option should sound like it could be right without deeper knowledge.
This prevents easy process-of-elimination based on obviously wrong answers.
Clearly Identifies a Single Correct Answer:

Even if multiple choices seem partly correct, only one choice fully meets the criteria set by the question.
Provides Immediate Learning Opportunity:

The explanation for each incorrect answer clarifies the nuanced reason why it’s wrong, and why the correct answer is superior.
Reflects Real-World Application (especially scenario-based questions):

E.g., “Given a production environment with X constraints, what’s the recommended approach?”
Encourages problem-solving as if in an actual work or exam context.
4. Crafting the Explanations & Exam Tip
Each question has a single “explanation” field (or multiple sub-fields) plus an “examTip” that fosters deeper learning:

Explanations

For each incorrect choice (3 total): Provide 1–2 sentences that highlight the flaw in that choice.
Avoid meaningless statements like “It’s just wrong.”
Instead: “Option A overlooks the impact on system stability, making it incomplete.”
For the correct choice (1 total): Provide 1–2 sentences illustrating why this answer is correct.
Refer to fundamental concepts, best practices, or logic from the curriculum.
Exam Tip

Conclude each explanation with one short, actionable test-taking strategy or conceptual reminder.
E.g., “Always review system logs first before attempting advanced troubleshooting.”
E.g., “Remember to apply the principle of least privilege when configuring user accounts.”
5. Final Format for MongoDB Insertion
Each test (from testId: 1 to testId: 10) is inserted as follows. Below is an example for Test #1 with the “Normal” difficulty. You will adapt the structure for Tests #2–#10 and their corresponding difficulty levels.


db.tests.insertOne({
  "category": "penplus",                             
  "testId": 1,                    //this will go from 1-10                
  "testName": " Pentest Practice Test #1 (Normal)",    //after "normal" test 2 starts with very easy, then it gets harder based on test 2-10
  "xpPerCorrect": 10,                             
  "questions": [ //these questions are purely examples, do not replciate theese examples
    {
      "id": 1,
      "question": "question.....",
      "options": [
        "option",
        "option",
        "option",
        "option"
      ],
      "correctAnswerIndex": 1, // Zero-based index 
      "explanation": 
        "explantnion.......",
      "examTip": "exam tip......"
    },
    {
      "id": 1,
      "question": "question.....",
      "options": [
        "option",
        "option",
        "option",
        "option"
      ],
      "correctAnswerIndex": 1, // Zero-based index 
      "explanation": 
        "explantnion.......",
      "examTip": "exam tip......"
    },
    {
    // ... up to 100 questions ...
  ]
});
You will replicate this structure for each test (testId: 2 through testId: 10), updating "testName" with the correct difficulty (e.g., “Very Easy”, “Ultra Level”, etc.).
Each test has exactly 100 questions ("id": 1 through "id": 100").
The "explanation" field can be a single string with line breaks, or you can break it into sub-fields if you prefer, as long as it contains the necessary detail for each option.
The "examTip" is always one sentence (or two at most if absolutely necessary), relevant to that specific question’s context.
6. Ensuring High Variation & No Repetitive Patterns
Shuffle the Question Types: For each test, create a random or manually varied sequence of question styles—NOT repeating the same type consecutively more than a few times in a row.
Vary the Level of Detail: Some questions can be very concise (direct command queries), others can be multi-sentence scenario setups.
Use Different Prompts: Don’t rely on “What is the MOST…” for every question. Use synonyms and different forms of emphasis (“optimal,” “primary consideration,” “initial action,” “critical first step,” etc.).
Link to the CURRICULUM AND KEEP WITHIN SCOPE OF CURRICULUM/OBJECTIVES


When generating the 1,000 questions:

Identify the Test ID (1–10) and corresponding difficulty label.
Create 100 unique questions with a balanced mix of:
MOST/BEST questions
FIRST-step questions
Scenario-based questions
Direct (factual) questions
Additional variants (interpretation, best-practice queries, etc.)
Ensure four answer choices per question, each plausible.
Select one correct option, explain in detail why it’s correct, and clarify why the others are incorrect.
Conclude with an Exam Tip that’s short, unique, and relevant to the curriculum or exam strategies.
Insert the final set into Mongosh using the provided structure—one document per test, each containing an array of 100 questions.
Final Note
By following this enriched formula, you’ll produce a diverse range of questions that target different cognitive levels (recall, application, analysis, etc.), making the test preparation more realistic and effective. The consistent MongoDB format ensures easy storage and retrieval, while detailed explanations turn every question into a mini-lesson, supporting deeper understanding and better exam readiness.

MAKE SURE EACH ANSWER CHOICE HAS SIMILAR LENGHT IN WORDS, ALSO EACH ANSWER CHOICE SHOULD MAKE THE USER TAKING THE TEST THINK ITS VERY LIEKLY TO BE THE ANSWE, SO THE INCORRECT ANSWER CHOICES SHOULDNT SOUND WRONG, AND THE CORRECT ANSWER CHOICE SHOULDNT SOUND MORE PLEASING THAN THE OTHERS OR BE LONGER IN WORDS/INFO.


I will give you the curriculum for each set of 100 questions before i ask you do generate them.

